CHANGELOG: update changelog for 1.5.0 release (#442)
linux-system-roles/network: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

[1.5.0] - 2021-12-14
--------------------

### Changes

- Support ansible-core 2.11 and 2.12

### New features

> - Support specifying network connection via matching device path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support matching network interfaces by their device path such as PCI address
```

Author: Updated. thanks.

Changelog
=========

[1.5.0] - 2021-12-14
--------------------

### Changes

- Support ansible-core 2.11 and 2.12

### New features

- Support specifying network connection via matching device path

### Bug fixes

- Fix the denial of setting the IPv6 DNS if the IPv6 family is not enabled

> - Fix the denial of setting the DNS search domain if no IP family is enabled

Reviewer: What exactly is being fixed here for users? IIRC only the error messages became more clear. The actual bugfix related to this would be in https://github.com/linux-system-roles/network/pull/423

Author: ok, then I will drop "Bug fixes" for now.  Thanks.
